we are now in the B Laha municipality
garage here was a group of the
municipality vehicles and Machinery
before being completely destroyed in a
raid carried out by the Israeli war
planes the Israeli occupation forces are
trying to obstruct the work of old
municipalities similar rates were
carried out by the Israeli planes on the
vehicles and Machinery of jabalia nla
municipality this has added more to the
misery of the Palestinians here in a
north of the Gaza
Strip there are no vehicles or
bulldozers available at all to help the
people and to remove debris and to open
little roads to facilitate the movement
of
citizens also these vehicles and
Machinery used to work in the field of
Sanitation these vehicles were burned
and destroyed by the Israeli occupation
forces in a very systematic Siege on the
Strip starvation is increasing the
suffering is worsening the Palestinian
municipalities cannot do anything to
help the
citizens make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer